Modify S4828: Clarify recommendations (#1269)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S4828/description.adoc

> Signaling processes or process groups is dangerous and can seriously affect the

Reviewer: "dangerous" -> "security-sensitive"?

Author: I'm gonna directly redo this introduction to avoid repetitions with the title (see end of 
https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/extend/adding-coding-rules/ to see the security hotspot guidelines that make us start this paragraph with the hotspot name.

stability of this application or others located on the same system.

Mistakenly setting a wrong `pid`, a wrong `signal`, or allowing untrusted
sources to assign arbitrary values to these parameters can lead to a denial of
service.

In addition, the system treats the signal differently if the destination `pid`

> is less than or equal to 0. This different behavior can compromise multiple

Reviewer: "compromise" -> "affect"?

Author: I'm gonna go with "impact" to avoid repetitions

Sending signals to processes or process groups is dangerous and can seriously
affect the stability of this application or others located on the same system.

> As stated in the POSIX system kill(2) manual page, the system treats the signal

Author: ```suggestion
As stated in the POSIX system kill manual pages, the system treats the signal
```
